docs: clarify what Gradient Installer is, relative to Terraform (#45)
Paperspace/gradient-installer: README.md

# Gradient Installer

The Gradient installer is a module that you can run using Terraform that will provision a Gradient processing site cluster on various types of infrastructure. The installer can be configured to be run in different modes: there's an AWS-specific version that creates a Gradient cluster in Amazon's Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS), and a more generic version that can configure bare metal servers or virtual machines in nearly any environment - including NVIDIA's DGX-1 and Google Cloud's Compute Engine.

> The Gradient Installer is not a tool that you run directly or that you need to download the code for or install in any way. Rather, by [following the docs starting here](https://docs.paperspace.com/gradient/gradient-private-cloud/setup/pre-installation-steps), you will use Terraform and modify the base Terraform configuration provided there, to install Gradient. That Terraform configuration will use the Gradient Installer to install your cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
The Gradient Installer is not a tool that you run directly as a package or install from source; instead, you can simply [follow the docs starting here](https://docs.paperspace.com/gradient/gradient-private-cloud/setup/pre-installation-steps), which will guide you to install a Gradient cluster by using Terraform in conjunction with the base Terraform configuration provided there. That Terraform configuration points to this repo and will thus automatically use this this repo's code as a Terraform module to install your Gradient cluster.
```
